Add Kops upgrade cluster notes for `kops validate` (#312)
cloudposse/docs: content/geodesic/kops/upgrade-cluster.md

<https://github.com/kubernetes/kops/blob/master/docs/releases.md>
{{% /dialog %}}

> {{% dialog type="info" icon="fa fa-book" title="Note" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% dialog type="important" icon="fa fa-exclamation-triangle" title="Important" %}}
```

> Before attempting to upgrade your Kops cluster, ensure it is in a good

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before attempting to upgrade any Kops cluster, ensure that it is in a healthy
```

> state by using [kops validate](https://github.com/kubernetes/kops/blob/master/docs/cli/kops_validate.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
state by running [`kops validate cluster`](https://github.com/kubernetes/kops/blob/master/docs/cli/kops_validate.md)
```
